I'll give you the jade pendant.
I chose all three of them to be alive.
What about pawn shop transaction records?
I can also give it to you.
Let them all go
I want your life
I can also give it to you.
But I had to make sure they were alive.
But I don't believe you dare to tell me the conditions.
I just give an order
All three of them died
Junior brother
The two of us
So many years of life and death
I thought one of us would go first
I'm just one step ahead
Sister is here to bless you
Found significant others
I'm sorry.
Your wedding
I can't attend
Brother Lu
After surviving the car accident
I think a lot.
I feel lucky to have met you
But I know you won't choose me
So make a bold choice
child
I think
Mom
Just went
He asked me to give birth to the child and educate him well
I will be as down-to-earth and reliable as you in the future
But I don't want you to save me.
You really want to save me
come
Give me the jade pendant.
You can only choose one I speak to
I choose your mother
Hahaha, I knew it.
Hey
All three must die